Next Gen Threat Intel - GA (#3641)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/platform-services/threat-intelligence-indicators.md

:::

## Typical workflow

Here is the typical workflow to set up and use threat intelligence indicators:

1. A system administrator sets up services to automatically [ingest threat intelligence indicators](#ingest-threat-intelligence-indicators). For example, install a collector such as the [STIX/TAXII 2 Client Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/stix-taxii-2-client-source), and set up services to obtain indicators from Federal, vendor, and open services and ingest them using the [Threat Intel Ingest Management](https://api.sumologic.com/docs/#tag/threatIntelIngest) APIs. You can manually add additional indicators as needed, such as your own private indicators, using the [Threat Intelligence tab](#add-indicators-in-the-threat-intelligence-tab) or the APIs.
1. Analysts use the threat indicators data for such things as saved searches, dashboards, [manual searches](#find-threats-with-log-queries), [Cloud SIEM rules](#find-threats-using-cloud-siem-rules), and [Cloud SIEM UI](#view-threat-indicators-in-the-cloud-siem-ui).

> 1. A system administrator occasionally checks to see why a connector isn’t ingesting data, or to see how much storage all the indicators are using. They may [run threatlookup with the cat search operator](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/threatlookup/#run-threatlookup-with-the-cat-search-operator) to explore their indicators and then [delete some old or irrelevant data](#delete-threat-intelligence-indicators).

Author: ```suggestion
1. A system administrator occasionally checks to see why a connector isn’t ingesting data, or to see how much storage all the indicators are using. They may [run threatlookup with the cat search operator](#find-threats-with-log-queries) to explore their indicators and then [delete some old or irrelevant data](#delete-threat-intelligence-indicators).
```
